GSoC 2019 blog after first evaluation (#81)
Cantera/cantera-website: posts/GSoC_2019_Project_First_Evaluation.md

---
title: GSoC 2019 PyCanChemAndYouCan2
date: 2019-06-22 17:41 UTC-21:41
slug: GSoC_2019_Project_First_Evaluation
tags: GSoC 2019
description: 2019 Google Summer of Code Cnatera Project Blog
type: text
author: Chao Xu
---

# GSoC 2019 PyCanChemAndYouCan2 (ChemCheck) First Evaluation

>   Thanks for the instructions from mentors Richard West([@rwest](https://github.com/rwest)), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to the instructions from mentors Richard West([@rwest](https://github.com/rwest)), 
```

Bryan Weber([@bryanwweber](https://github.com/bryanwweber)) and Kyle Niemeyer([@kyleniemeyer](https://github.com/kyleniemeyer)), the website

> is functioning after first month, and we will keep improving it in the rest of GSoC time. From what I mentioned in last post, ChemCheck is a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is functioning after the first month, and we will keep improving it in the rest of the GSoC time. From what I mentioned in the last post, ChemCheck is a
```

> web-based application for visualizing and diagnosing syntax and chemical errors in cantera input files. In this case, we created basic 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
web-based application for visualizing and diagnosing syntax and chemical errors in Chemkin and Cantera input files. In this case, we created basic 
```

> functions which allow users convert their mechanism files to cantera yaml input files easily (Cantera input file is going to be changed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
functions which allow users to convert their mechanism files to Cantera yaml input files easily (Cantera input file is going to be changed
```

> functions which allow users to convert their mechanism files to Cantera yaml input files easily (Cantera input file is going to be changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
functions that allow users to convert their mechanism files to Cantera YAML input files easily (Cantera input file is going to be changed
```

from cti file to yaml file, so we made some ajustments as well.).

## Upload Page

>   Apparently, users should upload their files to ChemCheck first, so we created upload page wich allows users upload their mechanism, transport,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users will upload their files to ChemCheck for checking, so we created an upload page which allows users to upload their mechanism, transport,
```

thermo, and surface file. Here is the view of upload page.

> ![image of upload page](https://github.com/12Chao/myproject/blob/master/images/upload%20page.png)

Reviewer: Please do not put spaces into image filenames. Also, you should put any images into the `images` directory in the repository, in a folder named for this post. Then, you should use the appropriate replacement syntax for the image (its a little different from default Markdown). See here:

https://github.com/Cantera/cantera-website/blob/3d9809107515122b976ab973645395a227a1303d/posts/new-website-is-live.md#L26

and [here](https://getnikola.com/handbook.html#built-in-shortcodes) under the **thumbnail** category.

## List Page

>   After files are uploaded, ChemCheck returns to a list page which lists all uploaded files in the app with id for each group of files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After files are uploaded, ChemCheck returns to a list page which lists all uploaded files in the app with id for each group of files.
```

Users are able to either click on "Details" button to do further operation to their files or hit "Upload new mechanism" button to upload new files.

![image of list page](https://github.com/12Chao/myproject/blob/master/images/list%20page.png)
 
## Detail Page
 

>   In this page, users can either edit their files or hit "convert to YAML" button to convert files. The editing function is still in development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this page, users can either edit their files or hit the "convert to YAML" button to convert files. The editing function is still in development.
```

>   In this page, users can either edit their files or hit "convert to YAML" button to convert files. Editing function is still in developing, so the web will jump to an editing page without loading contents once "Edit" button is hit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  In this page, users can either edit their files or hit "convert to YAML" button to convert files. The editing function is still in development.
```

Also, there is a "Back to mechanism list" link for users going back to list view.

![image of detail page](https://github.com/12Chao/myproject/blob/master/images/detail%20page.png)

## Convert Page
 

>   If the file is converted successfully, a success message will be shown on the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the file is converted successfully, a success message will be shown on the page.
```

>   If the file is converted successfully, "Going to try this... Saved to /home/chao/ChemCheck/ChemCheck/media/uploads/1/cantera.txt" message will be shown on the page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If the file is converted successfully, a success message will be shown on the page.
```

Users can see details and download the files from this page.

![image of successfully uploaded page](https://github.com/12Chao/myproject/blob/master/images/convert%20succ.png)

However, if the file is not converted successfully, the error message will be shown.

![image of successfully uploaded page](https://github.com/12Chao/myproject/blob/master/images/convert%20fail.png)

## Future Improvement 

> ChemCheck currently meets very basic requirements of our GSoC project, there are bunch of things could be improved in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ChemCheck currently meets very basic requirements of our GSoC project, but there are bunch of things to be improved in the future.
```

Here I make a list for improvements in next month:

- Add function which allows users replace their files 
- Report more detail about the error (like full stack trace and ck2yaml logging message) rather than just a error message.

> - Add Django login module, this function can help ChemCheck separate files because files uploaded by different users will saved under different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add Django login module, this function can help ChemCheck separate files because files uploaded by different users will be saved under different
```

> - Add Django login module, this function can help ChemCheck separate files because files uploaded by different users will saved under different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add Django login module, this function can help ChemCheck separate files because files uploaded by different users will be saved under different
```

> folders named by user id. This is neccessary before publishing it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
folders named by user id. 
```
